good afternoon my name is jasmine from the
today replacing paty lópez de la
sow we present the top 5 record in
the number 5 the manchester city was crowned
champion last Sunday in the league
premier of england to overcome 2-0 at
west ham and this Monday, together with
his fans his fourth award of
League the English club prepares a party
for its fans in the square albert
with live music to decorate the
parade toured the site on board
your bus the streets of manchester
they were full of amateurs who
they got together in the parade to celebrate
the first place in the league table
from england at number 4 the final
of Mexican football between pachuca and león
already has schedules the outward game is
will play at the nou camp stadium next
May 15 at 8 with 6 minutes of the
night and the game back to the definitive
It will take place at the Hidalgo Stadium
at 8 o'clock at night
the beast will seek the bicampeonato before
those who did not reach a
final since I lost before cougars in
2009 the tuzos got their pass
against saints thanks to the two goals
who scored in the territory saints
model in the defeat before the warriors
42 for a global 44
the beast after two perfect matches
before the toluca defeating them so much in the
one-way game as the return by 1-0
he got his ticket to try to achieve
what would be a glorious and mobile
championship
at number 3 with 9 of the 23 players
Miguel Herrera summoned by Monday
At night it will start at the center of
high performance the final concentration
of the Mexican team facing the
brazil world cup jesus crown paul
aguilar francisco rodríguez juan carlos
medina miguel layún carlos salcido marco
fabián raúl jiménez and alan polished
make up this first block of
selected that have already enjoyed a
Holiday week after removal
of their teams in the quarterfinals of the
the next week will be
will incorporate some Europeans as
André saved Javier Hernández Héctor
herrera and diego kings as well as alfredo
talavera and sake pisuela and oribe peralta
that were eliminated in the semifinals
the rest will be reinforced until the 25th
may at number 2 miguel herrera
responsible for the tri recognized that if your
decision would have been guided by their
feelings
moises muñoz would be part of the list
final of the Mexican national team for
The World Cup in Brazil-2014 but Miguel
he had to put aside his feeling
and although he knows that he would not claim him very much
not at all if he will not play in the world
the americanista had a bad season
and very was below the
crown grades eight and
talavera regarding the absence of
Javier Aquino Miguel pointed out that it should be
to have various options for the
right side and his chosen ones are in
best time as the cases of mountains and
brizuela at number 1 no matter the
results obtained by the selection
Mexican in Brazil's World Cup-2014
femexfut and teams that provide players
to participant selections in the fair
have insured income
by the fifa in this case and
thanks to the regulation of the maximum
governing body of world football the
Eagles of the Americas will be endorsed in
minus 384 thousand dollars for the five
participating players with the tricolor
without counting the possible call for
Aquivaldo Mosquera of Colombia
agreement with information disseminated by the
economist for the simple fact of
qualify the world cup the
femexfut has already guaranteed 9.5
million dollars of which million
and means are designed for
previous preparation of the tournament this was
the top 5 record my name is jazz
minella or replacing paty lópez
of the sow owner of this space
good afternoon